github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE: re-think PR testing (#353578)
NixOS/nixpkgs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

I.e. that you have executed the [NixOS test(s)](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/unstable/index.html#sec-nixos-tests) (look inside [nixos/tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/tests)) and/or [package tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/README.md#package-tests).

Or, for functions and "core" functionality, the tests in [lib/tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/lib/tests) or [pkgs/test](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/test)

Also make sure NixOS tests are [linked](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/README.md#linking-nixos-module-tests-to-a-package) to the relevant packages so that automated tools can find, execute and report them.

(You don't need to write prose, bullet points are sufficient.)
-->

- [ ] Tested basic functionality of all binary files (usually in `./result/bin/`)
- [ ] Tested compilation of all packages that depend on this change using `nix-shell -p nixpkgs-review --run "nixpkgs-review rev HEAD"`. Note: all changes have to be committed, also see [nixpkgs-review usage](https://github.com/Mic92/nixpkgs-review#usage)

> - [x] I have not tested these changes <!-- Please describe your testing! -->

Author: This is intentionally a bit cheeky but it's intended to nudge the PR author to write at least something here, not to make fun of them for not following the template. Please tell me which way you'd have interpreted it.

<!--
Invite other users of the component(s) you changed to review your PR by [@-mentioning](https://github.blog/news-insights/mention-somebody-they-re-notified/) them or requesting a review if they're part of the NixOS Github organisation.
When other users of the component test your PR and find it to work as expected, it greatly helps reviewers to gain confidence in the quality of your changes.
-->

> If you actively use the component(s) changed in this PR, please test the component(s) built from this PR and report your findings. It really helps a lot.

Author: Ideally, we'd have a section in the contributor's manual that describes the basics of how to even test a PR and link it here: How to check out a PR using git, building a package, building Nixpkgs with a local checkout etc.

Ideally, you should provide detailed reproduction steps as if you were reporting a bug; see it as reporting a feature ;)

See also [the contributor's guide](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#how-to-help-committers-assess-your-pr).

Examples:

- "Run the `hello` binary and check whether it greets the world in the terminal output."
- "Open the desktop application, open an image file in it via the `File` menu and apply the xyz filter to it. It should look all xyz'd up and not crash anymore."
- "`nixos-rebuild build-vm` using the following NixOS config (...) and then open localhost:1234 in a browser. You should see a fancy dashboard and no red warning messages."
-->

> 

Author: This whitespace is intentional to invite the PR author to write something here.

I.e. that you have executed the [NixOS test(s)](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/unstable/index.html#sec-nixos-tests) (look inside [nixos/tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/nixos/tests)) and/or [package tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/README.md#package-tests).

Or, for functions and "core" functionality, the tests in [lib/tests](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/lib/tests) or [pkgs/test](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/test)

Also make sure NixOS tests are [linked](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/pkgs/README.md#linking-nixos-module-tests-to-a-package) to the relevant packages so that automated tools can find, execute and report them.

(You don't need to write prose, bullet points are sufficient.)
-->

- [ ] Tested basic functionality of all binary files (usually in `./result/bin/`)
- [ ] Tested compilation of all packages that depend on this change using `nix-shell -p nixpkgs-review --run "nixpkgs-review rev HEAD"`. Note: all changes have to be committed, also see [nixpkgs-review usage](https://github.com/Mic92/nixpkgs-review#usage)
- [x] ... <!-- Please provide further checks you did! -->

<!--

> Invite other users of the component(s) you changed to review your PR by [@-mentioning](https://github.blog/news-insights/mention-somebody-they-re-notified/) them or requesting a review if they're part of the NixOS Github org.

Reviewer: It might be useful to tell users how to figure out who to ping for changes to existing packages. Hopefully there's a simpler way than `nix eval --expr 'let pkgs = import <nixpkgs> {}; in builtins.toString (builtins.map (maintainer: "@${maintainer.github}") pkgs.PACKAGE.meta.maintainers)' --impure --raw`.

When other users of the component test your PR and find it to work as expected, it greatly increases our confidence in your changes.
-->

> If you (yes, you!) use the component(s) changed in this PR, please test the component(s) built from this PR and report your findings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you actively use the component(s) changed in this PR, please test the component(s) built from this PR and report your findings.
```

No need to be cheeky, that phrase is easy to read in a condescending tone. Maybe signal emphasis on usage by saying "actively" or something like that?

## How can reviewers test this?

<!--
In order for your PR to be merged, it must be reviewed by someone else.

> To increase the amount of people that are able to review your PR, please provide simple and easy to execute steps that reviewers can follow to convince themselves that your changes work as intended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To increase the number of people who are able to review your PR, please provide simple and easy to execute steps that reviewers can follow to convince themselves that your changes work as intended.
```

"Amount" is for uncountable quantities, people are not things
